{\rtf1\ansi{\fonttbl{\f1\fmodern Courier;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 CSD16;}}{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\fs20\f1\cf0  1 /*\line  2 Write a program that repeatedly prompts the user to enter a capital for a state. Upon\line  3 receiving the user input, the program reports whether the answer is correct. Assume that 20\line  4 states and their capitals are stored in a map structure as shown below. The program prompts\line  5 the user to answer all states capitals and displays the total correct count. The users answer\line  6 is not case-sensitive. You should use map to store pairs of each state and its capital. Your\line  7 program should prompt the user to enter a state and should display the capital for the state.\line  8 */\line  9 import java.util.HashMap;\line 10 import java.util.Map;\line 11 import java.util.Scanner;\line 12 \line 13 public class Question4\'7b\line 14    public static void main(String[] args)\'7b\line 15       int correct=0;\line 16       Map<String, String> states= new HashMap<String,String>();\line 17       states.put("ALABAMA","MONTGOMERY");\line 18       states.put("PENNSYLVANIA","HARRISBURG");\line 19       states.put("SOUTH CAROLINA","COLUMBIA");\line 20       states.put("TENNESSEE","NASHVILLE");\line 21       states.put("WYOMING","CHEYENNE");\line 22       states.put("VIRGINIA","RICHMOND");\line 23       states.put("MINNESOTA","ST. PAUL");\line 24       states.put("MICHIGAN","LANSING");\line 25       states.put("OHIO","COLUMBUS");\line 26       states.put("NEW YORK","ALBANY");\line 27       states.put("NEW JERSEY","TRENTON");\line 28       states.put("OKLAHOMA","OKLAHOMA CITY");\line 29       states.put("ILLINOIS","SPRINGFIELD");\line 30       states.put("KANSAS","TOPEKA");\line 31       states.put("MASSACHUSETTS","BOSTON");\line 32       states.put("COLORADO","DENVER");\line 33       states.put("HAWAII","HONOLULU");\line 34       states.put("GEORGIA","ATLANTA");\line 35       states.put("IOWA","DES MOINES");\line 36       states.put("KENTUCKY","FRANKFORT");\line 37       \line 38       Scanner input=new Scanner(System.in);\line 39       String capital="";\line 40       for(Map.Entry c: states.entrySet())\'7b\line 41          System.out.print("What is the capital of "+c.getKey()+"?");\line 42          capital=input.nextLine();\line 43          capital=capital.toUpperCase();\line 44          if(c.getValue().toString().equals(capital))\'7b\line 45             System.out.println("Correct capital");\line 46             correct++;\line 47          \'7d\line 48          else\'7b\line 49             System.out.println("Incorrect capital.");\line 50          \'7d\line 51          \line 52       \'7d\line 53      System.out.println("\'5cnYou got "+correct+" state capitals correct!!");\line 54    \'7d\line 55 \line 56 \line 57 \line 58 \'7d}}